hello on I just received the sarracenia
northwest order I'm really excited
so yeah let's go wow they do a really
nice boxing there's right over here
instructions they give you nice care
instructions this is the order right
right oh my god they also include you
like pamphlets to how to take care of
them very nice you can see over here
there's a lot other plants
so yeah let's start with this one oh my
gosh how beautiful does um drosera a
delay it has seeds on it and it also
flowered really nice it has more plant
it's over there so there's like 3 or 2 I
don't know really beautiful right over
here
this is mine Nepenthes paddle otter
cross on busca really nice developing
pictures
oh my gosh look um this is um sarracenia
purpurea Pretoria really beautiful plant
right over here this one of my favorite
Nepenthes on the pennant is um Chiana
cross on vici hair released also
producing pictures Wow I didn't order
this
they also gave me a drill Sara spat a
lotta really nice yeah to give me like a
little present oh my gosh how beautiful
this um
siress tinia dynast light there's a
bunch of them over there really
beautiful plants priority I got my draw
Sara's terribilis from Brazil really
beautiful plant
I don't know what is this oh this on
some things kill our I'm Arjun Tanner I
don't know what what has that over there
but later I'll see this is on drosera
anglich a bikini a lo this is from
Hawaii drosera maltophilia extrema I
think I didn't order that - oh yeah I
don't know I don't remember so yeah and
this is the others on sarracenia rubra
were ready yeah starting to go more and
all my god their seat there's a ping
wicked Eliana they give me too beautiful
to use more plants so yeah they got they
gave me freaked on to free plans because
our order the penguin
I ordered just on 10 plans that
pinguicula sarracenia dosa distro Sara I
ordered just these guys over here let's
see and this one I got two four six
eight ten they got me two beautiful
plants they got me two more plants
drosera maltophilia extreme Andrew
Sarris parrillada I gotta say sarracenia
Northwest you nailed it I'm really happy
I'm definitely going to keep ordering
from you guys and I'm really excited
thanks for making me happy and all that
I'll keep you posted
I'll put more photos and yeah I will
keep letting you know on guys my plans
how
so yeah I'm going to impart them put it
on the on the turret armed yeah where I
keep them and then that's it
drosera a delay in greek allah sir
senior Nepenthes drosera sarracenia
sundew server senior Nepenthes pingu
class draw Sara and drill sir
yeah so this is on drosera from hawaii
drosera spat alotta on this one is
sarracenia rubra bar IE pinguicula
Liliana ping wick Allah Mr gentiana this
is Amna panties I'm shiny Anna cross
Vinci this is Joe Sarah espera Lara
across fusca this is drosera a delight
with the flower stalk really nice that
one over there it's sarracenia purpurea
purpurea
this is sarracenia Dinah's delight this
is dresser from Brazil
Josiah's perilous Andrew Sarah moved to
Philly extrema so yeah thanks a lot
Sarah see northwest again you nailed it
you make me really happy and I'm
definitely going to order soon so yeah
sericea Northwest you're the best
have a nice day